By the time the Apostle Peter wrote the words of today's text, individuals who were Jews,
proselytes, Samaritans, and Gentiles had been brought into the Christian congregation as God's
people, the spiritual Israel of God.
In the verse before today's text, Peter outlined what their mission was.
Let's open to 1 Peter chapter 2 and read of that.
It's in verses 9 and 10 of 1 Peter 2.
He wrote, but you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for
special possession, that you should declare abroad the excellencies of the one who called
you out of darkness into his wonderful light, for you were once not a people, but now you
are God's people.
And of course, this refers to the spirit anointed members of the congregation who would be responsible
for glorifying Jehovah's name as his witnesses.
And this harmonizes with what Peter had said years earlier in the first century governing
body meeting as reported in Acts chapter 15.
So let's turn there, Acts 15, and we will begin with verse 14.
It says, Simeon has related thoroughly how God, for the first time, turned his attention
to the nations to take out of them a people for his name.
And with this, the words of the prophets agree, just as it is written, after these things,
I will return and raise up again the tent of David that has fallen down.
I will rebuild his ruins and restore it so that the men who remain may earnestly seat
Jehovah together with people of all the nations, people who are called by my name, says
Jehovah, who is doing these things.
Now what about the rest of us who are not anointed Christians, but who call ourselves Jehovah's
witnesses?
Are we also God's people, well, most certainly?
And what a proud honor it is for us to bear the name of the only true God.
But with that name, goes responsibility, one that other religious groups do not want
to take on.
You see, we are under obligation to bear witness to Jehovah, to tell the truth about
him, and to expose false teachings that misrepresent Jehovah.
And a classic example of an unscriptural dogma that God's people have exposed is the
Trinity, which reminds me of another hoax that fooled many people who should have known
better.
It's the true story about a man named Van Migren, a Dutch artist born in 1889, who perpetrated
what may have been the most sensational art hoax of all time.
You see, he never won the critical acclaim that he thought he was due as an artist.
So to get back at the art critics, he decided to demonstrate his talent by producing a
painting that would fool them all, and he set out to imitate the famous 17th century
Dutch Impressionist Johannes Vermeer.
Well Van Migren spent four years figuring out how to make a new painting look 300 years
old.
The canvas was easy part.
He just took a lesser known painting from the 17th century and removed the picture.
His biggest problem was getting oil paint to harden thoroughly, which usually takes
50 years.
He solved it by mixing his pigments with a synthetic resin instead of oil and then baking
the canvas.
Well Van Migren produced six paintings that were passed off as Vermeer's.
His greatest soul in 1937, it was entitled Christ and the Disciples at Emmaus.
The most authoritative art historian of the day said it was a genuine Vermeer masterpiece
untouched on the original canvas and that it had no restoration done to it.
But in reality, it was a fake.
The critic's opinion was taken as gospel in the art world so much that this critic had
been nicknamed the Pope.
Eventually though a chemical analysis proved the paint contained an ingredient that had
not been discovered until two centuries after Vermeer died and that's what exposed Van
Migren as a fraud.
There's something similar when I'm during the apostasy that took place after the death
of the Apostles.
Less than 300 years after the Bible was completed, a Trinitarian added to 1 John 5, 7 the words
in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and these three are one.
However, this addition does not appear in the oldest Greek manuscripts proving it's
a fake, it's a corruption of God's Word.
And yet for centuries, the Church's propagated the Trinity doctrine.
As recently as the 19th century, almost all Bible translations had this spurious addition.
As late as 1897, Pope Leo XIII upheld the corrupted text of the Latin Vulgate.
Interestingly, the new Catholic encyclopedia comments on this and says, a Trinitarian dogma
is in the last analysis a late fourth century invention among the Apostolic fathers there
had been nothing even remotely approaching such a mentality or perspective.
Well, Jehovah's anointed witnesses firmly rejected Christenham's Trinity dogma.
In 1915, the Watchtower exposed the foolishness of teaching a doctrine that contradicts the
Bible.
The Watchtower said, in what a jumble of contradictions and confusion do they find themselves who
say that Jesus and the Father are one God?
This would involve the idea that our Lord Jesus acted the hypocrite one on earth and only
pretended to address God in prayer when He Himself was the same God.
The Father has always been immortal, hence could not die, how then could Jesus have died?
The Scriptures declare, however, that He did die.
If they admit that Jesus really died, they take the other horn of the dilemma.
For believing that there are three gods are all one person as many do, when Jesus died,
they must all three have died.
If they all died, who raised them to life?
How foolish all this sounds.
Shall we thus contradict the apostles and prophets in Jesus Himself and ignore reason and
common sense in order to hold to a dogma handed to us from the dark superstitious past
by a corrupt apostate church?
Nay says the Watchtower.
Well, Jehovah's people continue to uphold the excellencies of the only true God.
Whether in ancient times as with the natural Israelites or in modern times with spiritual
Israel, Jehovah's words through Isaiah are still true.
Look at it in Isaiah chapter 43 and verse 21.
And of course we know in Isaiah chapter 43, Jehovah declares, you are my witnesses.
And in verse 27 or verse 21, He says, the people whom I formed for myself, so that they
might declare my praise.
And the effort that Jehovah's witnesses, God's people, have put forth to expose Bible teachings
that are false, to teach the truth about Jehovah, and to sanctify God's name, has taken
on proportions never attained by any other religious group.
And Jehovah takes notice of that.
Look at Malachi, the third chapter, Malachi chapter 3, beginning with verse 16, Malachi
316.
At that time, those who feared Jehovah spoke with one another, each one with his companion,
and Jehovah kept paying attention and listening.
And a book of remembrance was written before him for those fearing Jehovah and for those
meditating, or the footnote says, possibly treasuring his name.
And they will be mine, says Jehovah of armies in the day when I produce a special property.
So Jehovah truly does love those who fear him and treasure his name, making them truly
God's people.